Add first draft of LSP17ContractExtension (#142)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-17-ContractExtension.md

**LSP17-Extendable** interface id according to [ERC165]: `0xa918fa6b`.

_This `bytes4` interface id is calculated as the first 4 bytes of the keccak256 of the word "LSP17Extendable" since there is no public functions available._

Smart contracts implementing the LSP17Extendable standard MUST implement the [ERC165] `supportsInterface(..)` function and MUST support the LSP17Extendable interface id.

### Overview

Whenever a function is called on an extendable contract and the function does not exist, the fallback function of the extendable contract MUST call the function on the extension mapped using `CALL` opcode appended with extra 52 bytes of calldata as follows:

- The `msg.sender` calling the extendable contract without any pad, MUST be 20 bytes.
- The `msg.value` received to the extendable contract, MUST be 32 bytes.

If the extendable contract supports [ERC725Y], the extension address MUST be stored under the data key attached below:

```json
{
    "name": "LSP17Extension:<bytes4>",

>     "key": "0xcee78b4094da860110960000<bytes4>",

Reviewer: I think this is confusing, because here we have:

cee78b4094da860110960000 (12 bytes) + `<bytes4> (4 bytes) = 16 bytes.

While the data key is 32 bytes long.

We should indicate that it is **left padded** + reference LSP2 for clarity.

https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-2-ERC725YJSONSchema.md#mapping

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31145285/204262273-97137d86-2426-4308-a2b7-4a1bad948bbc.png)

    "keyType": "Mapping",
    "valueType": "address",
    "valueContent": "Address"
}
```

The [DataChanged] event MUST be emitted whenever an extension is added/changed/removed.

> The LSP17ContractExtension do not enforce a specific way to store the extension address based on the bytes4 function selector. It could be an explicit mapping from function selectors to extensions, eg: `mapping(bytes4 => address)`.

Reviewer: _Suggested changes_

```suggestion
The LSP17ContractExtension does not enforce a specific way to store the extension address based on the bytes4 function selector. As an example, a mapping from function selectors to extensions, (eg: `mapping(bytes4 => address)`) can be used, but any other data structure can be used to map function selector to extension contract addresses.
```

If the extendable contract does not support ERC725Y, the [ExtensionChanged] event MUST be emitted whenever an extension is added/changed/removed.

### fallback Function

Here is an illustrative example of how the extendable contract's fallback function might be implemented:

```solidity

> fallback() external payable {

Reviewer 2: I think this should be referenced as implementation examples but not in the spec. The reason why standard specs shouldn't have code like this, as they should be ideally smart contract language independent.

        // The msg.sender address is shifted to the left by 12 bytes to remove the padding
        // Then the address without padding is stored right after the calldata
        mstore(calldatasize(), shl(96, caller()))

        // The msg.value is stored right after the calldata + msg.sender
        mstore(add(calldatasize(), 20), callvalue())

        // Add 52 bytes for the msg.sender and msg.value appended at the end of the calldata
        let success := call(gas(), extension, 0, 0, add(calldatasize(), 52), 0, 0)

        // Copy the returned data
        returndatacopy(0, 0, returndatasize())

        switch success
        // call returns 0 on failed calls
        case 0 {
            revert(0, returndatasize())
        }
        default {
            return(0, returndatasize())
        }
    }
}
```

### Events

#### ExtensionChanged

```solidity
event ExtensionChanged(bytes4 indexed functionSelector, address indexed extension);
```

MUST be emitted when an extension is added/changed/removed.

> In case the extendable contract supports [ERC725Y], there is no need to emit the ExtensionChanged event.

## LSP17Extension Specification

> The key words “MUST”, “MUST NOT”, “REQUIRED”, “SHALL”, “SHALL NOT”, “SHOULD”, “SHOULD NOT”, “RECOMMENDED”, “MAY”, and “OPTIONAL” in this document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).

Reviewer: It seems strange to me to have this content duplicated twice.
